FUNCTIONAL QUESTIONS

Driver working hours?
will be provided


How many days holiday?
will be provided


How many drivers?
loads/ provided in the database


How are replacement drivers assigned?
based on how many hours each driver should be working, provided in the rostering


How are replacement buses assigned?
depends on avaliability on the buses, try and send free bus


What determines a cancellation?
construction
maintenence on buses
minimal


How many extra buses at rush hour?
up to us
not too much, so theres not too much congestion
provided

How many buses are there available?
provided


How much does congestion affect bus route and times?
Its affected badly. Make sure theres enough buses running on this service.


Who are the actors?
Controller - Main boss (Rostering is an automated process)
Drivers
Passenger
Database

How do the controllers interact with the system?
initiates rostering every week, inputs illness/ holiday/ bus breakdown
Need to automate the rostering process


How do the drivers interact?
Drivers can lookup timetables / Can only lookup his own timetable
Cant modify timetable


How many days in advance is a bus driver allowed to book a holiday?
Provided


Is there an on-call sheet for replacement bus drivers?
Provided


How many days in advance is the roster generated? 
Weekly


Where are driver details stored?
Database



How do the passengers interact with the system?
Look at any route timetable. Cant modify.


How do the passenegers see the timetable?


How does the system know when a driver is ill?
The driver reports an illness to the controller.

How are passengers informed of a cancellation/replacement?
Through the timetable


NON FUNCTIONAL QUESTIONS

How long should it take to create a roster?
depend on performance. 

How late can a bus be?
15minute between each service monday/friday

Does it need to be protected from data loss?
protected - encrypted - user rights
read only rights and that.

How long should a timetable lookup take?
performance :|

Any specific use cases?
no.


Go into detail for a few use cases?

New Questions

Which day of the week is the roster generated?
doesnt matter.
sunday

How are sick days taken into account?
dont need to deal with sick days just yet.
Just focus on roster generation
Dont take into account rest days on first algorithm

How does the driver request a replacement bus?
dont take it into account.
just make a rostering algo


What happens to drivers that havent got sufficient hours in the week?
no minimum hours
fainess - take that into account

How do drivers specify their resting days?
drivers dont specify rest days, we do that. fairness.

new requirements

Is the journey planner only in use for the 3 series routes?
yes. 

Clarify "A passenger should be able to specify locations 
either in terms of timing points or areas"?
bus stops



Who handles the delays?
controller. assume this for now.


SHould we display a full timetables with delays or just delays?
flexible.

When is the demo?
3 weeks of work 4th is demo






USE CASES
Controller creates rosters - Controller reports any illness/bus maintenence. Initiates the
roster creation for the week.


Controller deals with replacements - reports into 
Controller deals with holidays and sickness

Passenger/driver/controller looking up timetable
Controller doesnt edit the timetable.

Driver requesting a holiday
Driver calling in sick

